So we have the sign out link, which we can show to the user if the user's logged in to this for the
logged in user.
And this admin desk for this link is also for the logged in youth.
So these two links, the admin and the signer can be we can put in a block, so let's cut and put instead
of fragment.
So you can see we have two blocks this block sign out and the admin we can show this for the logged
in user and this is for not log to new sign up and same links.
All right.
So now we can use the oath from the context which we already have here and we take for the user.
So if the user is not by default, it is known if we don't have to logged new.
So if it is not, then we want to show the sign of intent.
But if it is not known, then we saw this a let me just grab inside calling this, all right.
And then we tick off and all start user equals equals equals not.
All right.
So that means.
And then we can just put it in a bracket.
By the way, if you have the PTA plug in, it will order for medical.
So you can tell you if we have got an autism.
Then if the art user equals sequence equals non end.
I missed the end paren.
I guess it should be like this if we have the art of user and art, user equals equals circles not we
don't have the user.
In that case we saw this kind of in ten scheme to try.
So let's try logging.
So once you log in, it will not be not user will not be known.
And that time we should see this one.
Let's see how they're doing.
Fine.
And in of.
You can see here once we logged in, user is not known.
It has the value.
So those links don't show up here.
Nice.
All right.
Now that there is a certain if you don't like to use this and all the time, because some things can
get quite long, they're the easiest index, which is something like this.
Oh, what.
Don't use it.
I a this is also a sim equivalent to what we had before.
So if we have the US then question but only then we try to access the user.
Because by default when the application loads for the very first time that the component is ready,
that then we may not have the context of our level already, it might take a few milliseconds.
Right.
So to avoid the error, we can take like this.
If we have the US, then we access the user and then we compare.
If it is normal, then we saw this.
It works.
That's good.
Now, let's do something similar for this one as well.
Let me just wrap.
So this one we take off.
What don't you use?
Not equal signature.
Not this time.
Before it was.
And let me make sure I wrap it in the parentheses.
Sorry.
Yeah, but I missed the end.
And if you have the 3D plugin here to learn the format.
Now you said this time previously, I think if it is not this time, take me.
If it is not not.
If it is not, not it.
If we have to use it, then we should.
I you can see we have the users who we have seen this turn out in desperate need.
If you sign up, then you saw the sign up inside.
Beautiful.
So that's how we do conditional rendering.
Now we just need to fix these.
We need to align them properly so that we can use some class names here.
I think we can use margin lift order class sizes so we can put that here in this sub menu.
Actually it's not so many, it's the menu item, so we can try putting it on the first link.
Sign up so we can put that.
Let's play right here.
Start
Amazon Left
Auto.
You see, we applied that thesis to the menu item.
Let's have a look.
Right.
So that that works.
We have the sign up and sign in aligned to the right and beautiful.
And let's do something similar
for the user.
So we should put sign out probably at the end.
So let me just put that plus name on this one.
Menu item, group sub menu, that is.
I said you just put here.
Martin left.
Okay.
So you told him Mozilla left.
All is under here.
All we need to do is just move this got put it after this one.
All right, let's try.
Okay, so I'm signing.
Let's sign in.
This time it's going to be full.
This takes.
And because will we sign in and sign out?
Quite a lot.
So let me just go to sign.
Okay.
So this is a good opportunity to show you since we're using this and isn't from component.
We didn't even have to have our own state.
Right.
So how do you actually put the initial value here?
So that is something I can sue.
That is initial states.
We can put that here in a set of values.
Email Ryan and G-mail dot com and password.
This is something you can do if you want to pre-filled your components.
Okay.
Actually, it's not a lot.
I can see it's working.
But, Basil, you don't see realistically.
All right.
Beautiful.
So that way, when we're developing it, it's nice and easy to
use the sign in quickly.
And you can see when you send me, you see the desperate issues.
Sign up, beautiful.
Now I want to take this opportunity to show you one more thing, and that is, how do you remove the
initial values?
At the moment, it's not important because when we sign in, we redo it the user.
So we don't have to worry about empty the fields.
But in some situations you may want to know how to do that using and isn't from component, right?
So that is something you can do using the form ref and that is something sometimes if we need to get
deep into some some of these components, you know, let's take out the documentation so it's good to
form and the digital information you will find.
What are the props you can use, things like that.
You can always come down to the very end.
It may make it makes it easier to it.
And you can see the initial values.
This that's how we could use you could use an object, oh, we can reset using this form.
So let me show you some of the examples this should have.
From the reset that they've gone and reset and you see some it reset that empties.
So let's see how this is working.
So let's come here.
So they have the farm component and this one has this farm property they have used.
And that farm is you can see using this used farm hook to access this farm property and then farm state
and then you use that.
And that gives us this function called reset field to use that to reset the the fields, make it to
empty.
All right.
So let's see how we can use that to use this hook.
It's gone here.
And to give it a try.
Let's not redirect the user in just so that we can see this is just for this extra.
But you may find it very useful in some situations.
So from first to you go to the form and then this queues from form.
Now it is this form is coming from that is coming from the hook, which we can just put here that we
just copied.
All right.
So far we destructor from from this fun component, and that gives us this useful function.
All right, so that phone we're using right here.
Now we can use this phone instead of from the post.
Let's use from that reset fields.
I guess if you do this when the logging is successful, instead of redirecting the user, we leave them
on the same page.
We just empty the fields so they are ready to be filled again.
Said This is something you may have to do in some situations, so we have the initial values.
So let's try a little logging successfully logged in and the initial values to hit there.
That's still there because I hardcoded this one to let me remember that.
Let me just comment that on.
Because if it is hardcoded, I think it's always stated.
But if not.
In a situation like this where you use a fill out log and then you want to empty the phone.
So in that case, you can see successfully sign in that those values are gone.
Now, if we didn't have that good, if we didn't have this one citizen in this common that this is just
a demonstration.
All right.
So let's try Ryan and Jim and go, Glenn.
He can be successful, but it stays there.
So in a situation like that where you want to keep the user in the same place.
What do you want to reset the phone values then?
This is how you can do it.
Reset fruit for that to use.
Obviously, you have to put the phone and that phone comes from here.
Okay.
So that's extra.
Let me just comment that I'll leave it.
I'm just going to comment them.
Right.
So if you need, you can always look back to this code and implement that.
So at the moment I'm just coming out here, here and here.
I guess it should work the way it was working before and like how I was doing it then.
Just put these different values so that it's nice and easy for us to log in each and every time we have
to see this phone.
Beautiful.